An 82-year-old female with 60 kg body weight and 156 cm height who was otherwise healthy underwent a right total knee arthroplasty for osteoarthrosis under epidural anesthesia at a hospital nearby. The insertion of the epidural catheter and operation were finished without any problems and the removal of the epidural catheter was attempted as usual two days after the operation. The epidural catheter broke during its removal. The physician felt resistance when he tried to pull out the catheter and then the catheter was broken 13 cm from the tip. X-rays and a computed tomography scan were subsequently taken (). Although the catheter fragment retaining within the patient was long, a wait-and-see approach was initially employed because there was no neurological deficit. The effusion from the drain hole stopped two days later. No neurological deficit or fever developed after the first evaluation of the images. However, the migration of the catheter was found by imaging studies four weeks after the occurrence of the catheter breakage (). After detailed discussions with the patient and her family it was decided that a surgical removal of the retained catheter should be performed. Then, the patient was referred to our hospital.\nThere was no neurological deficit at the time of admission. A laminectomy was performed at L2-3 seven weeks after the catheter had broken. The patient was placed in the prone position under general anesthesia and then the spinal level that needed to be treated and the retained catheter were identified by using an image intensifier. We exposed the spinal process at L2-3 and the L2 spinal process was split by an air drill. The catheter was confirmed to be present between the L2 and L3 spinous processes and the edge of the catheter was found to be broken (). The catheter went entered the epidural space through the flavum.\nAfter removal of the bilateral flavum in an usual manner the catheter was found to be coiled up at the surface of the dura mater and was covered by a thin reactive film (). The catheter was heading to the nerve root. No evidence of dural puncture by the catheter was found. The removal of the catheter was first attempted by simple traction, however, was found to be impossible because of the adhesion (). The adhesion of the dura mater surface was carefully exfoliated and then the removal of the catheter was accomplished (). No cerebral spinal fluid leakage was found after removal of the catheter.