A 49-year-old male presented with a complaint of pain in the left proximal forearm after a fall. The patient had a history of left elbow arthrodesis performed for posttraumatic arthritis at the age of 18. On physical examination he was tender at the proximal ulna. He had no active flexion or extension at his elbow, which was fused at 90 degrees but achieved 40 degrees of pronation and 60 degrees of supination. His motor and sensory exam was normal at the hand. Radiographs of the forearm and the elbow revealed an elbow arthrodesis at 90 degrees with retained hardware and a minimally displaced proximal ulnar shaft fracture (). A decision was made to treat his ulnar shaft fracture closed in a cast, and he subsequently developed a hypertrophic nonunion. At his clinic visit three months after the fall, surgical options for the ulna nonunion were discussed with the patient. We proceeded with conservative treatment for an additional three months, with worsening motion through the nonunion site. He revealed that he was unhappy with the functional limitations of his elbow arthrodesis and inquired about the possibility of converting it to an arthroplasty. The risks of elbow arthroplasty were discussed with the patient at length. Increasing the functional capacity of his arm was his ultimate goal, and understanding that he faced a likely operation for the ulna nonunion, the patient wished to proceed. Due to the patient's prior surgery and history of trauma, as well as risk of infection, we chose to avoid multiple surgeries and combine the repair of nonunion and the conversion of elbow arthrodesis to arthroplasty into one procedure. The stem of the ulnar component would thus act as an intramedullary device.\nIn the operating room the patient was placed in a supine position and a posterior incision centered over the elbow was performed. A prior muscle flap that was used for soft tissue coverage at his index procedure had to be elevated. The ulnar nerve was encased in scar tissue and required a meticulous neuroplasty. A triceps splitting approach to the elbow joint was then performed and multiple buried pins were removed from the humerus []. A wedge osteotomy of the arthrodesis site was then performed and the fusion taken down (). This was performed at the apex of the arthrodesis site with the humeral cut at 90 degrees to the long axis of the humerus and the ulnar cut at 45 degrees to the long axis of the ulna. The cuts were done in this manner to better accommodate the stems of the prosthesis. Resection of the humerus was greater than normal to allow for appropriate range of motion (ROM) of the elbow without undue tension on the neurovascular structures, which had been in this position for over 30 years. Resection of the radial head was performed as it was markedly arthritic. After preparation of the canals, a Stryker distal humeral replacement system was used to perform the total elbow arthroplasty (MRS (Stryker, Kalamazoo, MI)). Intraoperatively, the patient had full flexion and extension of the elbow and full pronation and supination. His muscles were properly tensioned without undue strain on the neurovascular structures. The patient's ulnar nonunion was also addressed with bone graft taken from the resected radial head. He had an uncomplicated hospital course and was allowed full ROM on postoperative day #2. At his 4.5-month appointment, the patient was achieving 0–110° elbow active elbow flexion/extension, as well as nearly full forearm rotation. He was experiencing minimal pain and was happy with the function of his prosthesis. The patient was able to return to work with an elbow brace that he locked at work. Radiographs showed a healed ulna nonunion and a stable total elbow prosthesis without signs of loosening (). Multiple attempts to contact the patient for further follow-up have been unsuccessful.