We report a 24-day-old female baby who presented with dyspnea and fever. Examination showed decreased air entry on the left side and a subsequent chest radiograph showed what looked like a consolidation of that lung and air-filled bowel loops inside the chest and a further ultrasound examination also identified intrathoracic ipsilateral kidney. A computed tomography (CT) of her thorax was performed, which confirmed left-sided diaphragmatic defect with large and small bowel and a normal looking, completely intrathoracic, ipsilateral left kidney and adrenal gland. The baby was delivered by spontaneous vaginal delivery with no antenatal diagnosis; she had normal Apgar score and did not require any resuscitation.\nThe procedure was performed in left lateral decubitus position. A 5 mm camera port was inserted by open technique in anterior axillary and two 3 mm working ports were inserted under vision on either side of camera port. The examination confirmed the CT findings (\n). The herniated large and small bowel was pushed and reduced into the abdominal cavity through the diaphragmatic defect which then revealed a completely intrathoracic kidney encased in Gerota's fascia (\n).\nThe kidney was then reduced into the abdominal cavity retroperitoneally by pushing it down through the diaphragmatic defect (\n). A primary repair using interrupted nonabsorbable sutures was achieved without tension (\n). Initially the gas pressure during the reduction in hernia contents was kept at 6 mm Hg but was then reduced to 4 mm Hg during closure of the defect. A chest drain was left in situ through the 5 mm port site at the end of procedure as there was violation of the pleura.\nThe baby had uneventful recovery and was extubated within 24 hours and chest drain was removed after 48 hours. Renal ultrasound scan showed a correctly positioned kidney with good perfusion and no signs of obstruction. She was discharged on day 5 postoperatively and is being followed up as an outpatient; her most recent renal ultrasound scan done 3 years postoperatively showed well and equally perfused kidneys with comparable renal volumes bilaterally without any evidence of hydronephrosis or hydroureter, or recurrence of the diaphragmatic hernia.\nDuring admission, the patient's mother gave a similar family history—her sister had had a similar condition at birth more than three decades ago. She had open repair of her diaphragmatic hernia at which an intrathoracic kidney was also found and reduced into the abdominal cavity. In the previous months, she had been diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma in that kidney and she had just undergone a left radical nephrectomy for her condition. The child's parent asked whether she might have an increased risk of having similarly effected children and whether her daughter now had a higher risk of developing renal cell carcinoma in this kidney.