A 78 year old Caucasian male presented to our casualty 6 weeks following admission elsewhere with a history of swelling of the right leg and a pulmonary embolus. He had undergone VQ scanning with a proven diagnosis of pulmonary embolus and was therefore anticoagulated with heparin and warfarin.\nOn admission he had swelling of the right knee and lower thigh with loss of sensation on the dorsolateral aspect of the right foot. Clinical examination revealed a large mass in the right popliteal fossa. The initial diagnosis was that of deep venous thrombosis and imaging was undertaken and the patient referred for a vascular opinion.\nOn vascular review, the patient had a pulsatile mass comparable with a popliteal artery aneurysm of 12 cms diameter on the right and 6 cms on the left. His foot was warm and well perfused and his INR was 2.6. He underwent a duplex scan of the lower limb arteries which revealed ectatic iliacs and an abdominal aorta of 3.4 cms in diameter. A further CT arteriogram (fig , ) confirmed that in fact the swelling on the right side was indeed a pseudo aneurysm following rupture with peripheral calcification.\nThe dilemma was therefore a patient with an established pulmonary embolus and a friable clot in the iliac veins, anticoagulation and the treatment of the ruptured aneurysm. Due to lack of expertise we elected to continue with full anticoagulation rather than place an inferior vena caval filter. Operative exploration was performed through a medial approach under full anticoagulation and the right popliteal artery was found to contain a large volume of blood pointing laterally. The popliteal aneurysm was excluded. Duplex examination of the upper and lower limb veins revealed that the veins were of small diameter therefore revascularization of the leg was established by an inlay 8 mm PTFE graft. Due to continuous oozing, the aneurysm sac was packed and the end of the pack brought out laterally. The pack was removed at 48 hours under sedation. The patient made an uneventful recovery. Six weeks later he underwent repair of the left popliteal aneurysm.