A 49 years old female presented with history of recurrent palpitations for last 10 years. During last year, she had 5 episodes of palpitations which required hospitalizations. The tachyardia was repeatedly terminated by intravenous adenosine and verapamil. She was nondiabetic and nonhypertensive. General physical and cardiovascular examination were normal. Her baseline electrocardiogram (ECG) showed left bundle branch block with normal PR interval. The electrocardiogram of tachycardia revealed similar morphology, with the heart rate of 210 beats/min. (). Her transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) did not show any evidence of structural heart disease. An electrophysiological study was planned with a presumptive diagnosis of AVNRT. Catheter manipulation to obtain His bundle electrogram led to complete heart block because of trauma to right bundle that required temporary right ventricular pacing. No tachycardia could be induced during complete heart block and there was no evidence of accessory pathway. Complete heart block persisted for 3 hours during which she required temporary ventricular pacing support. Patient was discharged after 48 hours with a plan to restudy on recurrence. Within 15 days, she had 3 episode of tachycardia all terminated with intravenous adenosine. After the recurrence of episodes, she was taken up for a restudy with a plan of avoiding His bundle / Right bundle injury and as a part of the same plan to avoid His recording coronary sinus catheter was put from the right internal jugular vein. Three 7 F sheaths were put into right femoral vein and one 6F sheath was put into right internal jugular vein. One catheter was put into high right atrium and another into right ventricular apex carefully avoiding trauma to His bundle. From the internal jugular vein, since the catheter did not follow a normal course, angiogram was done that showed absent right superior vena cava and whole of the jugular system draining into hugely dilated coronary sinus which was missed on transthoracic echocardiogram (). At that point of time, when we found this venous anomaly the risk of ablation was again discussed with the family and the patient, explaining them the risk of development of complete heart block and need of permanent pacemaker which would be difficult in this patient. Deflectable catheter was then used to clearly define the upper and lower lip of coronary sinus to guide the ablation (). A 7F 4 mm tip steerable ablation catheter was positioned in right and left anterior oblique views. Tachycardia was induced and diagnosis of AVNRT was confirmed by standard protocol. The ablation was performed starting from the inferior lip of coronary sinus and gradually moving anteriorly towards the upper limb of coronary sinus. Intracardiac bipolar electrogram did not show any slow pathway potential near the coronary sinus ostium and at the site of successful ablation (). Just at the upper limb of coronary sinus good junctional rhythm was noted (). A complete lesion at 25-30 watts, temperature of 50ºC for 60 seconds was given. No VA or AV block was observed. Post ablation testing revealed absence of dual physiology and noninducable AVNRT. The patient was discharged on next day and till last follow up after 6 months she was asymptomatic.