A 24-year-old Yemeni female presented to the endocrinology clinic in April 2017 because of inability to walk and a long history of osteomalacia. She was unable to walk for the last 4 years with severe weakness and bone pain. She reported that for the last 2 years she was so weak that she could not turn over in bed and this was associated with pain all over her body. Her condition started as a baby as she did not walk till she was 2.5 years old. Then when she started school she stated she could walk but could never run, the family was poor and never sought medical help for her condition. She got married at a young age of 15 and became pregnant soon after that. During her pregnancy she had difficulty in walking and had pain in her legs, she needed assistance to rise from the sitting position and she was told she would need a cesarean section because she had a contracted pelvis, but she went into labor before she was able to have a cesarean section and she delivered vaginally and developed a fracture of the pubic rami during delivery.\nHer condition over the following years worsened and she was having more difficulty in walking and needed assistance in climbing stairs. She went to several orthopedic surgeons and she was diagnosed as osteomalacia and given calcium and vitamin D without any improvement, till she became totally bedridden. At one time she was also given calcitriol in small doses and for short periods of time 0.25 mg daily. She eventually stopped all treatments when she did not see any improvement in her condition. She was also seen by a neurologist and was found to have a normal nerve conduction study and was told there was no evidence of neurological disease.\nShe has no family history of a similar condition in her parents or siblings or other relatives.\nAt her initial presentation, physical examination of the patient showed that she was 144 cm tall and weighed 49 kg, she was much shorter than the rest of her family. She had normal teeth and hair development. Examination was within normal limits except that she had generalized weakness and tenderness in her extremities with bowing of the legs and genu valgus. All the blood work that the patient had from 2012 to 2019 can be seen in Table .