We present a case of a seventy-three-year-old Saudi man who has started visiting the primary health care center in our institution twenty-five years ago. He has been concerned with having a cancer that would give him only few days to live. At the beginning, the patient was evaluated medically through detailed history and documentation of his symptoms and then a management plan was created accordingly to exclude cancer. Full history, physical examinations, and radiological and pathological investigations were ordered and the results were all negative for cancer. The physician explained the results of the investigations to the patient but he refused them and continued to insist that he had cancer regardless of the results. The patient was then referred to Psychiatry Department to be evaluated but he could not realize that his symptoms might be of a nonorganic cause, either psychological or mental.\nThe patient continued to visit the general hospital, emergency department, and the primary health care in the institution and was still occupied with the idea of cancer presence. Although the patient was seen by many physicians, the patient was always not satisfied with their conclusions. Eventually a physician reported the case to the department of medical eligibility addressing the issue of continuous primary health care center visits with very variable symptoms, nonconclusive diagnosis, and an unconvinced patient. The department of medical eligibility in the hospital administration took a decision to temporarily limit the patient's file to the psychiatry department to drive the patient to visit the psychiatrist to be evaluated psychologically in order to make his file eligible again. The patient was unhappy at the beginning but he had to visit the psychiatrist. So, an appointment with the psychiatrist was booked and a full psychological and social evaluation was performed by taking a thorough history from the patient. This revealed that the patient fit the criteria of the illness anxiety disorder in which he had a minimum of six months of a persistent belief of having a serious disease which he specifically named. Moreover, this persistent occupation with this belief was disabling and limiting him from having a normal life and thought that his days were counted in this life. Also, a persistent refusal of any medical advice or explanation for his symptoms and fears was neither related to schizophrenia nor related to mood disorders.\nA diagnosis of illness anxiety disorder was made despite the patient's strong refusal. The family and social history evaluation also revealed a very low socioeconomic status and similar conditions in the family. Interestingly, two of the patient's daughters had similar reported conditions which could raise the suspicion of the possible genetic predisposition that could be triggered by shared environmental factors between him and his daughters. Following this extensive detailed history and evaluation, the treating psychiatrist contacted the department of medical eligibility to make the patient's file eligible again as promised by them with an unlimited eligibility to all specialties and primary care center. For the past twenty-five years of continuous hospital visiting, he has had almost weekly and even daily visits to the primary care. The patient kept complaining of variable symptoms every week and specifically asking for certain lab tests and radiological studies. Also, he successfully convinced some physicians to order a biopsy for him.\nIt is reported that physicians in the primary health care center used different techniques of counseling and they applied the biopsychosocial model to overcome the patient's fears but often failed to reach an achievement as the patient continued to complain of different symptoms and became a burden on the physician's clinic time and the hospital resources. It is also reported that the patient was extremely difficult to handle and convince. In the absence of institution guidelines to deal with such cases, all physicians tended to yield to the patient's persistent complaints and accepted his demands and fulfilled his desires by requesting whatever investigations the patient asked for. Over the years, the patient's investigations have cost approximately $178200 due to the system negligence to such cases. The patient's most requested investigations were mainly invasive radiological studies specifically abdomen and pelvis CT (18 times) and wide range of other invasive and noninvasive studies like chest CT (11 times), brain CT (7 times), chest MRI (4 times), lumbar spine MRI (6 times), and other studies. It is important here to put emphasis on the potential harms of radiation from radiological studies that are frequently requested by the patient in the absence of clear guidelines to be followed by practitioners for that group of patients. In addition, the patient asked for a variety of lab tests including renal profile, parathyroid hormone, complete blood count, estimated glomerular filtration rate, coronary risk profile, 25-hydroxy vitamin D, thyroid stimulating hormone, prostate specific antigen, free T4 level, and other very wide range of lab tests. Moreover, the patient underwent several biopsies like renal biopsy, prostate biopsy, gastric biopsy, and other different types of biopsies.\nThe patient was abusing the system in which resources and time were wasted. The patient kept overstepping each barrier by the hospital's staff to minimize his burden on the hospital by manipulating staff and deceiving and misleading them by giving incorrect information. Also, he was targeting junior practitioners and disturbing them and even threatened to sue the administration if restricted from health care. Five years ago, an experienced board-certified family physician was shocked when he looked at the patient's file and decided to put an effort to solve this problem by taking some actions. First action considered, after getting the approval from the family medicine department, was to limit the patient's primary care visits to only one clinic and to refer him to the supervising physician himself. Then, building strong and effective patient rapport based on trust and honesty was initiated. After negotiations, the patient agreed to enroll in cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for six sessions ninety minutes each. The patient was advised to have a scheduled sleeping time, ensure healthy eating habits with regular physical exercise, be involved in social activities, stay away from stressors like searching web for symptoms, and avoid TV health shows and health magazines during active cycles of disorder. After that, there was an agreement with the patient not to disturb the clinic and he would get to see the physician regularly for checkups every three months.\nAfter five years of implementing the new rules, the patient is still visiting the clinic for regular follow-up and sometimes he breaks the rules and comes regularly to the clinic especially in active cycles of the disorder. On following the patient's condition in the last five years, it is noticed that there is a dramatic decrease in the total financial cost due to the relative decreasing number of visits, less time spent on arguing with the patient, and the filtration of his requests. Moreover, there is a remarkable improvement in the patient's condition because of CBT and relative compliance to health advice. We think that this rare case of extremely persisting illness anxiety is worth reporting because the patient managed somehow to escape attention and made a huge financial burden on hospital resources in the absence of clear guidelines in such conditions. Also, this case provides useful insight for future guidelines development.