A 64-year-old Caucasian man from Austria was referred to the urological department because of episodes of intermittent gross hematuria. The patient had a colorectal carcinoma treated by rectum and ileum segment resection, chemotherapy and radiotherapy four years before. After radiotherapy ureteric strictures developed on both sides and ureteric stents were placed. At the time of admission the urine specimen showed few white and red blood cells and the urine culture was sterile. During the change of the ureteric stents a retrograde pyelography and cystoscopy were performed, showing a mild gross hematuria coming out of the right ureteric orifice but no further pathological findings. After the stent change, first the hematuria cleared but one day later again an episode of gross hematuria with blood clots in the bladder occurred. A transurethral catheter was placed and a multiphase CT of abdomen and pelvis was performed. CT detected no source of bleeding. The gross hematuria cleared again and an ureteroscopy on both ureteric sides were performed with special emphasis on the right ureter. Once again nothing suspicious could be found. Thereafter gross hematuria appeared again with massive hemorrhage and an arteriography was performed (). But once again no underlying reason for the bleeding could be found. Two days later a gross hematuria with massive hemorrhage occurred. The patient became hemodynamically unstable and needed blood transfusion of 6 U. Therefore, the indication for nephrectomy of the suspicious right side was set and performed. During the operation the ureteric stent was removed and at the end of the operation the hematuria stopped. When the patient left the operation room again a massive hemorrhage was identified within the bladder catheter. Again an arteriography was performed. Finally, the region of the fistula was identified at the distal common iliac artery and a stent graft was deployed across the fistula (). A postoperative angiogram showed complete closure of the fistula (). After adequate blood transfusion and fluid replacement the patient made a rapid and unremarkable recovery. Twelve months later the patient is still well and the stent graft remains patent. However, the patient lost his right kidney.