A 23-year-old female patient was admitted to a plastic surgery clinic because of an esthetic problem caused by swelling on the scalp, which started 1 year previously and gradually worsened in the most recent 6 months. She underwent surgery under local anesthesia without guidance using an imaging method. Bleeding started at the beginning of the operation, and the procedure was terminated. Five months after the first operation, she suffered from increased swelling of the lesion. She was seen by another physician, and cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was performed []. The physician felt that it was a simple skin lesion that could be completely removed under local anesthesia. She underwent a second surgery and experienced severe hemorrhaging. Later, she was referred to our clinic. Her physical examination revealed a painful mass lesion measuring 5 cm × 4 cm × 4 cm in the left parietal region at the vertex level. She did not have any complaints except for her esthetic problem. The results of her neurological examination were normal. A vascular malformation at the scalp was considered, and a cerebral MR angiography was performed and revealed a vascular mass lesion, which was located in the left parietal region and supplied by the branches of the left external carotid artery for which venous drainage could not be clearly identified []. Therefore, we performed a conventional cerebral angiography and detected AVM in the left parietal region that was supplied via the branches of the left temporalis superficial artery, left meningeal media artery, and right temporalis superficialis artery []. The lesion did not have an intracranial component and had no direct drainage vein into the dural sinuses. The patient was surgically treated under general anesthesia in the supine position, and her head was elevated at a 30° angle. The skin flap was removed with a horseshoe incision considering the vascularization of the scalp. The vascular lesion in the soft tissue was dissected, and the malformation was revealed. Initially, the supplying arteries of the lesion were closed. Later, the lesion was completely removed along with its nidus. The bone underlying the lesion had become thin; hence, the periosteum was cauterized with bipolar coagulation. Hemorrhaging from the bone was controlled with monopolar coagulation and bone wax. The skin flap was closed without the need for an additional plastic intervention. The histopathological diagnosis was as AVM [Figure –].