A 36-year old female patient visited our hospital with a chief complaint of pain and restricted range of motion (ROM) in the left hip joint persisting for two months. Physical examination of the patient revealed severe gait disturbance secondary to hip pain aggravated by hip joint flexion or rotation. The patient had no lifestyle habits or specific comorbidities thought to cause femoral head AVN. An anteroposterior view of the left hip revealed sclerosis and collapse of the femoral head and dysplasia of the hip (). The magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan revealed an increased amount of joint fluid and bone marrow edema in the left hip, and femoral head necrosis was detected on the contralateral side; however, the patient did not complain of any pain (). The patient underwent THA after being diagnosed with idiopathic osteonecrosis of the femoral head, was discharged in good condition three weeks after the surgery without specific complications, and followed up via regular outpatient visits. The patient complained of pain and limited ROM in the contralateral hip joint and gait disturbance one year after the initial surgery. Her symptoms continued for two months and increased over the following three weeks. Repeat MRI revealed similar findings to those noted previously in the left hip (). A second THA was performed (one year after the first THA of the left hip); the patient was discharged in good condition after the surgery without specific complications and followed up via regular outpatient visits (). At the time of the second surgery, the patient was 7 kg heavier than she was at the time of the first procedure and developed a moderate moon face, signs that were initially overlooked as weight gain. Subsequently, the patient complained of intensifying feelings of helplessness and central obesity and muscle mass reduction in both the upper and lower limbs aggravated over a three-month period of outpatient follow-up after the second surgery. However, these signs were not significant enough to warrant further investigation. One year after the second surgery, the patient was referred to the Department of Cardiology in our hospital due to a progressive worsening of central obesity and muscle mass reduction of the limbs and hot flushes. She was diagnosed with hypertension due to high blood pressure and electrolyte inbalance and prescribed medication. She was suspected of having secondary hypertension, and abdominal computed tomography (CT) and echocardiography were conducted. Although echocardiography yielded no specific findings, abdominal CT detected a 2.5 cm benign adrenal adenoma (). The patient was immediately referred to the Department of Endocrinology to be screened for Cushing's syndrome. During screening, a 24-hour urine free cortisol revealed an elevation to 394.3 µg/day (normal, >50 µg/day) and a plasma cortisol level of 29.0 µg/dL (normal, <5.0 µg/dL) was noted based on the results of a 48-hour low-dose dexamethasone suppression test. A plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) of 21.5 pg/mL (normal range, 6–76 pg/mL) and cortisol levels between 17.3 and 19.9 µg/day in a high-dose dexamethasone test confirmed Cushing's syndrome. A suspected cause was ectopic ACTH-producing tumors due to an adrenocortical adenoma. An in-depth history was then undertaken. The patient disregarded advice to undergo regular monitoring of a small abdominal mass found in a regular check-up done several years before her first visit to our hospital. At the time, she had menstrual irregularity, mild weight gain, depression and intermittent facial skin problems–clinical signs associated with Cushing's syndrome. We determined that asymptomatic AI developed into symptomatic Cushing's syndrome, and the patient underwent laparoscopic partial adrenalectomy after referral to our urology department (). Histopathological examination confirmed cortical adenoma. Six months after the procedure, Cushing's syndrome-related symptoms completely disappeared, including feelings of helplessness and central obesity. The patient is currently under outpatient observation without any specific symptoms.\nThe patient's informed consent and institutional review board's clearance were obtained for the purpose of publication of a case report. This article was approved by Gwangju Veterans Hospital at July 2, 2018 (project number, GVHIRB 18-0023).