A 16 years old female patient presented to us with inability to walk on both lower limbs since last 3 months. Earlier the patient was able to walk with a limp and would sway to either side while walking. Three months back patient experienced sudden onset pain in her right groin region while walking and the patient was not able to bear weight on her right lower limb. Then patient was walking with support, bearing weight on her left lower limb. In about a week, patient experienced similar pain in her left groin and was not able to bear weight on either lower limb since then and was left bed ridden. Clinical findings were consistent with coxa vara deformity of bilateral hips with a possibility of bilateral non-union of pathological fracture of femur neck. There was no evidence of any endocrine disturbance, or altered pigmentation or precocious puberty.\nOn imaging it was concluded that the patient suffered from polyostotic fibrous dysplasia with bilateral Shepherd’s crook deformity of the proximal femur with bilateral non – union of pathological fracture of neck femur (). Imaging of the other bones showed evidence of the fibrous dysplastic lesions in the shaft of left tibia ( and ). Magnetic resonance scanning of the bilateral hip region showed the features consistent with fibrous dysplasia of the proximal femur shaft along with sub - capital fracture of femur neck without evidence of avascular necrosis of the femur head (). All the blood and serum biochemical investigations of the patient like the hemoglobin, total and differential white cell counts, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, C – reactive protein, calcium, phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase levels and all the hormonal studies were within normal limits. It was decided to do both correction of the deformity to realign the head, neck and shaft; and to achieve valgus at the neck - shaft region and a horizontal configuration neck fracture increasing the chances of union of pathological fracture of neck femur, in one stage, each side at a time.\nOn the right side, first oblique osteotomy was done from just distal to the greater trochanter up to the level of the neck to separate the greater trochanter and the second, lateral closing wedge abduction osteotomy was done at the subtrochanteric level to achieve alignment of the shaft with the proximal femur. With traction neck was aligned to the head and fixed with a 135° Dynamic Richard’s screw with a long side plate. The high riding greater trochanter was aligned with the neck and held with a tension band wire from above and medial to the abductors to hold the greater trochanter aligned.\n2 months later on the left side double lateral closing wedge abduction osteotomies were performed both at the subtrochanteric level to achieve the valgus at the neck – proximal femur shaft junction and to align the distal shaft with the proximal femur. After full correction the head and neck were aligned and the vertical geometry of pathological fracture neck femur was converted into a more horizontal one increasing the chances of union of the fracture. Fixation was done using a 135° Dynamic Richard’s screw with a long side plate to span both the osteotomy sites.\nPost – operatively we achieved a neck shaft angle of 135° on right side and 133° on the left side (). Patient was started on active and passive quadriceps strengthening exercises and after 6 weeks of immobilization toe touch weight bearing was started followed gradually by partial and complete weight bearing mobilization. Follow up imaging showed union at both the osteotomy sites bilaterally and also at the site of the pathological fracture of neck femur. Presently, at 18 months post – operatively (), patient is walking full weight bearing without support and there are no signs of recurrence of lesions of fibrous dysplasia or the deformity.