A 47 year old gentleman presented to his general practitioner with acute onset lower back pain. The pain had commenced during coitus and radiated down the right leg. The initial diagnosis was of acute disc prolapse and he was referred for an urgent neurosurgical opinion. The neurosurgeon concurred that the pain may well have been of neurological origin and arranged an MRI scan. This was reported as showing no evidence of spinal cord pathology. The patient was reassured with the results of the MRI findings and was advised the pain was probably musculoskeletal in origin and should settle. Over the subsequent 6 weeks, the pain persisted and indeed increased in severity. The patient noted claudication-type pain in his right leg after approximately 100 metres. As the pain had not resolved after 6 weeks he revisited his general practitioner. During the subsequent examination the pulses in his right leg were noted to be absent and he was referred for an urgent vascular surgical opinion.\nThe patient was seen the following day in the vascular clinic where a history of severe acute claudication-type pain was noted in the right leg. There was a past medical history of marked hypertension and hyperlipidaemia, for which he took relevant medications, but none of angina, myocardial infarct or valvular heart disease. On clinical examination the heart rate was 68 beats per minute regular. The blood pressure in the right arm 130/70 mmHg was lower than that of the left arm 160/80. Cardiac examination was normal. There was no clinical evidence of an abdominal aortic aneurysm. Examination of the limbs revealed that the right lower limb pulses were all absent whilst those of the left leg were present and of good volume. An urgent abdominal ultrasound scan was arranged which demonstrated dissection of the intra-abdominal aorta and a subsequent CT scan (Figures , , ) confirmed that the dissection was a Type A dissection extending from the aortic valve down to the aortic bifurcation. A dissection flap was identified in the ascending aorta and also in the postero-inferior aspect of the descending aorta. Both lumens were noted to have flow within them with the true lumen supplying the celiac axis, superior mesenteric artery and right renal artery and the false lumen supplying the left renal artery and inferior mesenteric artery. Immediately below the inferior mesenteric artery the false lumen obliterated.\nAn immediate opinion was sought at the regional cardiothoracic unit and the patient was transferred urgently under their care. A transthoracic echocardiogram was performed which confirmed the CT findings demonstrating turbulent flow in the ascending aorta suggestive of an intimal tear in the region although the lesion itself was not seen. The arch was mildly dilated but with no visible flap. Flow in the descending aorta was turbulent in the initial 2–3 cm suggesting intimal disruption.\nHe underwent operative repair of the thoracic dissection on the next available theatre list. The aortic valve was resuspended and the ascending aorta were replaced using an elephant trunk graft with reimplantation of the brachiocephalic artery on 1 patch and the left common carotid and subclavian arteries on a second patch.\nAfter 48 hours in the intensive care unit the patient was transferred to the ward where he made an uneventful recovery. Cardiac and cerebral functions were not impaired by the procedure as evidenced by return to preoperative state and no requirements for chronotropic medications.\nA routine postoperative CT scan demonstrated that the repair was satisfactory. There was thrombosis within the false lumen of the descending aorta but persistence of flow within both lumens of the abdominal aorta.