A 32-year-old healthy female presented to a clinic (LS). The main complaint was severe pain in right temporomandibular joint (TMJ) region, right ear, mouth opening limitation, and asymmetrical of the face. The patient reported that she was born at full term by spontaneous vaginal delivery and no perinatal problems and no notable postnatal illness were reported. However, in the months following birth, the parents observed progressive enlargement of her right cheek and a differing eyelid width. According to the patient, the facial asymmetry had become more marked over the following years but had not increased in the past few years. No other family members were affected. Patient's mother reported a normal pregnancy. The enlargement extended from the midline to the preauricular region and inferiorly to the lower border of mandible []. The skin of the involved right side of the face was normal in appearance with no alteration in thickness. The extraoral examination revealed that the right side of the mandible was larger than the left side. The outer contour of the right ear was slightly larger and had a different shape compared to that of the left side []. The nose was normal with no deviation although the chin was deviated toward the side of her face. The lower lip on the right side was appeared thicker with drooping of the corner of the mouth on this side. The lips on the right side seemed very dry. The patient complained clicking in the left TMJ and disability in chewing and headache in the right side. Physical examination revealed normal symmetric body. The patient was mentally healthy. The mouth opening was 12 mm. On intraoral examination, asymmetry of the tongue was evident []. The right part of the tongue shows unilateral enlargement of fungiform papillae. The teeth size on the affected side appeared normal except the dimensions of maxillary right first molar, which was considerably greater than maxillary left first molar. The size of the lower right first molar was slightly greater than lower left first molar. The lower dental centerline was deviated to the right in relation to the midline and a downward canting of the occlusal plane was observed []. On occlusal examination, the central relation was unattainable. Furthermore, there was early contact in both central occlusion and right lateral movement. A discrepancy in range of mandibular motion was observed. The patient was referred for radiography. The radiographs confirmed the clinical findings. The panoramic radiograph [] showed that the right condyle, ramus, condylar neck, and the body of the mandible were enlarged. There was significant deposition of bone growth on the right mandible, and the bony trabeculation alteration was observed. The size of the right inferior dental canal was normal compared to the left mandibular canal and was displaced. Crowns and roots of the right mandibular molars were larger than the contralateral mandibular molars. The roots of the lower right first and second molars were remarkably divergent. Cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) images of the face and skull revealed that the zygomatic and frontal bones, right mastoid process, right half of the mandible and maxilla, maxillary sinus, and associated soft tissues were enlarged [Figure and ]. CBCT also demonstrated thickening the mucosal membrane of the right maxillary sinus [Figure and ]. There was no obstruction in the sinus meatus. Brain computed tomography (CT) showed no abnormalities [Figure and ]. 3D skull reconstruction CT image revealed hypertrophy of the right mandible, condyle, TMJ, zygomatic bone, petrous bone, and mastoid process []. The posteroanterior radiograph [] revealed enlargement of right half of the mandible, maxilla, and zygoma. The patient was referred to physician. Physician consultation reported systemic abnormality. Blood investigations were within normal limits. Depending on the clinical and radiographic abnormalities were thus consistent with the diagnosis of a hemifacial hypertrophy and fibrous hyperplasia. The patient was referred to oral surgeon. Surgical recontouring of right maxillary and mandibular bone was performed. After 6 months, condylectomy was performed for the right condyle; the size of the condyle was 5 cm × 3 cm []. The mouth opening was significantly increased to 4 cm.