A 60-year-old Kashmiri female presented to our department after having sustained a fracture of femur in the supracondylar region. After initial management, the fracture was fixed with a dynamic condylar screw assembly. After an uneventful postoperative period, the patient was discharged with advice to undergo supervised physiotherapy. 3 months into the postoperative period, the patient reported to our emergency department with pain in the thigh. X rays revealed a fracture above the dynamic condylar screw at the plate bone interface. The patient was admitted and revision surgery with a longer barrel plate performed. The patient followed up for a period of 4 months and was bearing weight when she again had pain in the peri implant area. Radiographs revealed a fracture of the femur at the new peri implant region. The patient's femoral neck radiograph revealed an osteoporosis grading of 3 according to [REDACTED]'s classification []. Keeping in view the potential morbidity associated with the repeat plating we planned a method that would be less invasive and less destructive to the local fracture environment. The proposed surgery was explained to the patient and her attendants. The ethical board permission was sought and obtained. The patient was taken to the operating room and placed on a fracture table. The screws in the plate were removed percutaneously under image intensifier control to ensure the patency of intramedullary canal leaving the plate insitu to avoid reexposure of the bone surface. The fracture was reduced and fixed with a reamed antegrade intramedullary nail. Anticipating the difficulties in distal locking with an insitu plate an external locking device comprising of a distal full ring and a proximal Italian arch connected by two threaded rods were used. No blood transfusion, bone grafting were used and the mean operating time was 40 minutes. The patient was ambulated on the first post operative day and discharged from the hospital on the same day after advising range of motion exercises of the knee. The patient was advised to compress the fracture at a rate of 1 mm per day in divided increments. The follow up was done at two week intervals. At a mean follow up of 8 weeks when the signs of healing were seen on the radiographs the external ilizarov fixator was removed. The fracture united at 14 weeks with a mean range of motion of the ipsilateral Knee being 0 to 120 degrees. There were no complications associated with the procedure.