A 68 year old male patient was admitted 48 hours after he suffered a severe hip injury when falling from a bridge. The initial Rx-ray at admission displayed a femoral neck fracture with dislocation of the femoral head into the pelvis (). The patient also presented macroscopic and laboratory confirmed hematuria. A CT scan was not available at that time, but because of the hematuria we suspected an anterior dislocation of the femoral head. A [REDACTED] catheter was introduced into the urinary balder and antibiotics were administrated. Surgery was performed next day in lateral approach of the hip with anterior capsulotomy. The femoral head was not found into the hip but in the pelvis and could not be extracted but only touched by finger through a laceration between the anterior acetabular rim and the decollated labrum, creating a dislocation space similar to the anterior dislocation or the shoulder. However a 50 mm [REDACTED] prosthesis was implanted and after the surgery the patient had the femoral head replaced and the fractured femoral head retained as o loose fragment into the pelvis (). The patient was prepared for the next surgery and two days later the urologist extracted the femoral head by a new abdominal approach [REDACTED] with retroperitoneal dissection of the common iliac vessels. The head was placed on the iliopsoas muscle and under the iliac common vessels, and during the procedure no visible injury of the ureter, balder or iliac vessels was found. Soon after removing the abdominal wound drainage the patient experienced pain in the hip, lost mobility and swelling occurred at the hip wound. Several punctures of the hip extracted a large amount of clear liquid which was investigated and was found to have density and elements like urine. A drainage tube was reinserted into the hip wound and the patient underwent repeated urological evaluation by urography and endoscopic techniques. A fistula injury of the ipsilateral ureter was found and an internal drainage of the ureter was introduced and left in situ for three months. The [REDACTED] prosthesis was extracted, the hip was debrided and irrigated with saline solution and gentamicin. The hip wound healed and the patient had a Girdlestone hip for about 5 months. The hip was revised with a total cemented Muller prosthesis, which resulted in a normal evolution of the wound and rehabilitation.