The patient was a healthy 13-year-old female, who suddenly felt abdominal pain. She was taken to another hospital by ambulance, and the enhanced abdominal computed tomography (CT) revealed a 5 cm diameter cystic tumor in the pancreatic tail with fluid collection around it (). The CT results indicated her acute abdominal pain was due to the hemoperitoneum caused by rupture of the pancreatic tumor. Because she had no history of blunt abdominal trauma, the tumor was considered to have ruptured spontaneously. The pancreatic tumor was diagnosed as a SPT of the pancreas from the finding on the CT combined with her age and gender. Since the bleeding stopped by conservative therapy, she was referred to our hospital for surgical treatment at three months after the rupture of the tumor. At that time, she had no abdominal symptoms and the tumor was not palpable. The CT at our hospital showed the cystic tumor was 4 cm in diameter, which protruded from pancreatic tail and was distant from the main pancreatic duct, and the fluid around the tumor had disappeared (). From these findings, an elective laparoscopic enucleation of the tumor was proposed. Since there seemed to be no peritoneal dissemination from the result of laparoscopic exploration, laparoscopic enucleation was performed by using five trocars under pneumoperitoneum. The pancreatic parenchyma was divided with the laparoscopic coagulating shears (). Duration of operation was 126 minutes and with little blood loss. Because the content of amylase in the fluid from the drain placed at the cut surface of the pancreas was 9710 IU/L on postoperative day 3, the postoperative pancreatic fistula was confirmed according to the international definition []. However, because the volume of the fluid from drain was very small, the drain was removed on postoperative day 4. Except for the pancreatic fistula of grade A [], the postoperative course was uneventful and the patient was discharged on postoperative day 7. Pathologically, the tumor was diagnosed as SPT of the pancreas. The negative surgical margin and the rupture of the capsule of tumor were verified by microscopic examination (). She survived without recurrence of disease for two years after the operation.